docs: add CONTRIBUTING.md (#952)
getsentry/sentry-wizard: CONTRIBUTING.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://sentry.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=logo" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://sentry-brand.storage.googleapis.com/sentry-wordmark-dark-280x84.png" alt="Sentry" width="280" height="84">
  </a>
</p>

# Contributing

We welcome suggested improvements and bug fixes to the `@sentry/*` family of packages, in the form of pull requests on
[`GitHub`](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard). The guide below will help you get started, but if you have
further questions, please feel free to reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Ww9hbqr). To learn about some general
setup wizard development principles check out the [SDK Development Guide](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/expected-features/setup-wizards/) in the Sentry
Developer Documentation.

## Setting up an Environment

1. Fork the repository
2. Clone your fork

> 3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
> 
> ## Running End-to-End Tests

Reviewer: l: Some stuff that's probably worth mentioning here:

```suggestion
3. Install dependencies with `yarn install`

## Building and running locally

Build the wizard with this command
\```bash
yarn build
\```

If you want to simply try out the wizard locally, you can use

\```bash
yarn try #also takes all CLI args you'd pass to the wizard 
\```

If you want to run the locally build wizard in an external project:

1. run `yarn link` in the wizard repo
2. head to your project
3. run `yarn link @sentry/wizard` to symlink to the local repo
4. run `yarn @sentry/wizard` to run the local repo

In repos set up with `pnpm` or more complex cases, you might want 
to look into [`yalc`](https://github.com/wclr/yalc) to install local versions of the wizard package.

## Running End-to-End Tests
```

Reviewer: Argh I can't add ``` blocks in suggestions, so you still need to remove the `\` in front of the block delimiters.

(Not sure if there's a more elegant way 😅 )

Author: Added it in
